Update project description, codeowner, and contribution policy (#54)
mdn/beginner-html-site: README.md

# Beginner HTML Site

> This is a simple one-page website created to help beginners learn the basics of HyperText Markup Language (HTML).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a basic one-page website to help beginners learn the fundamentals of HTML.
```

Author: Good one
